PR to resolve Datagram v Connectionless #1026 (#1035)
ietf-tapswg/api-drafts: draft-ietf-taps-impl.md

The Transport Services system was unable to establish a transport-layer connection to the Remote Endpoint specified by the application.

* PolicyProhibited:
The system policy prevents the transport system from performing the action requested by the application.

* NotCloneable:
The Protocol Stack is not capable of being cloned.

* MessageTooLarge:
The message size is too big for the transport system to handle.

* ProtocolFailed:
The underlying Protocol Stack failed.

* InvalidMessageProperties:

> The message properties either contradict with the transport properties or they can not be satisfied by the transport system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The message properties either contradict the transport properties or they can not be satisfied by the transport system.
```

* DeframingFailed:

> The data that was received by the underlying Protocol Stack could not be processed by the deframer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The data that was received by the underlying Protocol Stack could not be processed by the Message Framer.
```
